[ECE] Clarify the swap consideration - 2nd take (#7504)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-enterprise/ece-manage-capacity.md

These fluctuations should not be a concern in practice. To get actual limits that could be used in alerts, you could add 4GB to the recommended values above.

> :::{note}
> For swap considerations, review [](./ece-software-prereq.md#ece-swap-considerations) for more guidance.
> :::

Reviewer: Updating a bit the note to help the reader and offer a bit of information besides the link.

```suggestion
:::{note}
Configure swap on ECE allocator hosts unless they also have the director role. For sizing and more guidance, refer to [](./ece-software-prereq.md#ece-swap-considerations).
:::
```
